[Doc][Serve] Add minimal docs for model wrappers and http adapters (#23536)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/http-servehandle.rst

    ray start --head
    python main.py

.. _serve-http-adapters:

HTTP Adapters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Ray Serve provides a suite of adapter for input schema conversion. You can directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray Serve provides a suite of adapters to convert HTTP requests to ML inputs like `numpy` arrays. You can directly
```

import them and put them into your FastAPI app. Alternatively, just use it with

> :ref:`Ray AI Runtime (AIR) model wrapper<air-serve-integration>` feature to one click deploy pre-trained models.

Reviewer: reverse the ordering of this: common path will be model wrappers, so lead with that

Reviewer: same with the example please. first show how to use model wrapper, then fastapi API

For example, we provide a simple converter for n-dimensional array. You can bring it
to your own FastAPI app using `Depends <https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/tutorial/dependencies/#import-depends>`_.

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.serve.http_adapters import array_to_databatch
    from fastapi import FastAPI, Depends

    app = FastAPI()

    @app.post("/endpoint")
    async def endpoint(np_array = Depends(array_to_databatch)):
        ...

It has the following schema for input:

.. _serve-ndarray-schema:

.. autopydantic_model:: ray.serve.http_adapters.NdArray

The input schema will automatically be part of the generated OpenAPI schema with FastAPI.

> Here is a list of adapters and please feel free to contribute more!

Reviewer: add a call to action to file github issue

    ray start --head
    python main.py

.. _serve-http-adapters:

HTTP Adapters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ray Serve provides a suite of adapters to convert HTTP requests to ML inputs like `numpy` arrays.
You can just use it with :ref:`Ray AI Runtime (AIR) model wrapper<air-serve-integration>` feature
to one click deploy pre-trained models.

> Alternatively, you can directly import them and put them into your FastAPI app.

Reviewer: can we link out to fastapi docs for details / a tutorial on how this works?

Reviewer: nevermind, addressed below.

For example, we provide a simple adapter for n-dimensional array.

With :ref:`model wrappers<air-serve-integration>`, you can specify it via the ``input_schema`` field.

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.serve.http_adapters import array_to_databatch
    from ray.serve.model_wrappers import ModelWrapper

>     from ray import serve

Reviewer: nit: reverse order (top-level serve import first)

    serve.deployment(name="my_model")(ModelWrapper).deploy(
        my_ray_air_predictor,
        my_ray_air_checkpoint,
        input_schema=array_to_databatch

>     )

Reviewer: is there a way to do this without needing `serve.deployment()(Wrapper)`? This is not a common usage pattern, most users won't know that this works w/o understanding decorators.

Author: Yes but not at the moment. It's a much bigger change, requiring changing tests and others.

>     )

Reviewer: much better! :)

You can also bring the adapter to your own FastAPI app using
`Depends <https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/tutorial/dependencies/#import-depends>`_.

> 

Reviewer: please also mention that you can check out the openapi docs to see the input format!

Author: mentioned below :D
